Princess Luna после того как находит Старлайт в снегах
We need to contend against not Changeling Queen, but King Sombra as well... Heheh. 

The dark has been doubled.


Taxes? From changelings?


[15:19]Flovv Krovv: What happens in Las Pegasus stays in Las Pegasus
[15:20]Flovv Krovv: "Yes, I've laid and claimed your Princess. So what? She loved every second of it," boasts Chrysalis before the council.
Ponies murmur. Celestia presses hoof against her face with a deep sigh.

"As your ruler, I have any right to be on this meeting!"
Soon she gets bored by it. 
[15:32]Flovv Krovv: I am Queen of Equestria! I will slay anyone who won't support me in this claim!

You incessantly pathetic fattened nobles. paces around It's high time someone trimmed you down. What do you even do!? Answer me! points on someone

They have an important role to be intermediators with the populace, love frowns Celestia from her throne

Ah, so they like little shepherds, who keep your herds docile and in check? 
[15:52]Flovv Krovv: Well, you are just a card, aren't you?
[16:12]Flovv Krovv: aspire to inspire before we expire



Flovv Krovv: All ponies have a weak point behind the ear
also under the chin, along the horehead, and across the back
[8:22]Flovv Krovv: pinkie pie - listen, Giggles
[8:23]Flovv Krovv: She... she violated a bond that was never meant to be violated, something sacred and special.
[8:31]Flovv Krovv: Oh, but i am a monster. I am a monster, and i thrive in it. If not this bound, or if you were weak, Celestia, i would have obliterated you and make you my slave.
[8:31]Flovv Krovv: Celestia raised an eyebrow, but her gait didn’t change

22:43]Flovv Krovv: Children of the night!
Come!
[22:45]Flovv Krovv: There will be strife!


10:27]Flovv Krovv: But i want to tear them limb from limb, Celestia! she pouts Why do we even need to dance around their demands? What use for us Aquastria in this impending war?
[10:29]Flovv Krovv: — And i... responds Queen Chrysalis ...i want change. I've long grown out from petty revenges. I want to rule the world through love and fear, i want a coherent world, that will not freeze and wither in some "eternal night". I want life to thrive. To strife to continue. And i want YOU~
She points at Luna
— To be a part of this, your perfect self.

Luna glares at her, defiantly... and speak...
"I do not wish to be a part of your coherence..."
She looks at Nightmare Moon, and point to her...
"Her ambition, is a force that will bring change... perhaps a harsh change... but a necessary change non the less..."

— I won't let you forfeit Power of Love, because i love your sister deeply Chrysalis scoffs No, no, no... Your change, that you dreamt of while you were on the moon, is but a bitter fantasy, for your own convenience. An easy way out. This ambition is not to change the world, but to satisfy you, for a while. It will crumble down in face of reality.
She places a hoof on Luna's shoulder
— Celestia can't rule alone... I can't rule alone... You can't rule alone. Admit it.

Luna stares at her with amusement in my eyes, and gently smile...
"I will not rule alone, my fair and sly Queen Chrysalis...
"Because I shall not rule, at all...."
She gives a cunning grin... and a small chuckle...
"...I, who was known as Princess Luna...., shall cease to exist...."
She look at both of them... gloatingly...


Пять армий
Чейнджлинги+Сансет
Дракон+найт пони+Луна
Грифоны+Целестия
Теневые+Сомбра+лейтенанты+кристал пони
Вендиго