1. ### 19:22_]_Forcalor_:_ 
    
    Had an idea. What if Flash Sentry is a distant descendant of Flash Magnus, and he stuck with some ancient family debt to serve in the Crystal Empire, should it reappear.
    
2. ### _[_19:23_]_Forcalor_:_ 
    
    kinda can justify a fic of its own
    
3. ### _[_19:28_]_Moproblems Moharmoney_:_ 
    
    Definitly
    
4. ### _[_19:29_]_Moproblems Moharmoney_:_ 
    
    Or if you go the EQG route, you can get some Percy Jackson vibes, what with Magnus being an ancient roman esque hero.
    
5. ### _[_19:49_]_FanOfMostEverything_:_ 
    
    I’ve seen some stories where Sentry was Magnus’s son, stationed at the Empire when Sombra banished it.
    
6. ### _[_19:50_]_Forcalor_:_ 
    
    hmm. curious, but not epic enough
    
7. ### _[_19:50_]_Vinylshadow_:_ 
    
    I mean, it's _Flash_
    
8. ### _[_19:51_]_Vinylshadow_:_ 
    
    "epic" isn't really his thing
    
9. ### _[_19:58_]_Forcalor_:_ 
    
    I meant to say, less dramatic. so they just can reunite one thousand years later, like nothing happened? and Magnus has a semblance of home in an otherwise unknown future? from his perspective, discovering that your progeny is _Flash_, seems more neat
    
10. ### _[_20:07_]_FanOfMostEverything_:_ 
    
    An entirely viable route to take.
    

НОВОЕ

12. @FanOfMostEverything
    
    I’ve seen some stories where Sentry was Magnus’s son, stationed at the Empire when Sombra banished it.
    
    ### _[_20:09_]_Moproblems Moharmoney_:_ 
    
    Father and Child stuck outside time is a neat concept, play up Flash's imposter syndrome
    1. ### _[_20:12_]_Tipper_:_ 
    
    There is precedent for beings called _Flash_ to fuck up time and their own family connections. (изменено)
    
2. ### _[_20:12_]_Tipper_:_ 
    
    _Looking at you, Wally_